PROJECT_STATUS.md, before:

# IntelliRev Website - Project Status

**Last Updated:** February 13, 2026  
**Project:** IntelliRev AI Solutions Website  
**Repository:** https://github.com/jhonverille/intellirev-website  
**Live URL:** https://ai.intellirev.space

---

## ✅ COMPLETED

### 1. Core Website Features
- [x] React 19 + Vite 6.0 frontend
- [x] Tailwind CSS 4.0 styling
- [x] Framer Motion animations
- [x] Responsive design
- [x] Landing page with sections:
  - ConcentricHero
  - ServicesSection
  - ProjectGallery
  - Testimonials
  - FAQSection
  - ContactSection
- [x] Firebase Authentication (Admin login)
- [x] Protected Admin Dashboard
- [x] CMS for content management (Services, Projects, Testimonials, FAQs)

### 2. Database & Security
- [x] Firestore database setup
- [x] Security rules with input validation
- [x] Offline persistence enabled
- [x] Composite indexes for queries
- [x] Protected admin routes (auto-redirect to login if not authenticated)
- [x] Auto-redirect logged-in users away from /login

### 3. Inquiry System (Basic)
- [x] Contact form with validation
- [x] Inquiries saved to Firestore
- [x] Admin dashboard to view inquiries
- [x] Status management (new, contacted, closed)
- [x] Delete inquiries
- [x] Timestamp tracking

### 4. Firebase Cloud Functions (Created but NOT YET DEPLOYED)
**Location:** `/functions/` directory

**Functions Created:**
1. `sendInquiryNotification` - Sends email to admin when inquiry arrives
2. `sendProspectConfirmation` - Sends confirmation email to prospect
3. `calculateLeadScore` - Auto-scores inquiries (0-100) based on content
4. `sendReplyEmail` - Sends reply emails from admin dashboard
5. `exportInquiriesToCSV` - HTTP endpoint for CSV export

**Lead Scoring Algorithm:**
- +30 points: Budget indicators ("budget", "$", "cost")
- +25 points: Urgency ("ASAP", "urgent", "immediately")
- +20 points: Company/team mentions
- +15 points: Project scope ("large", "complex")
- +10 points: Service keywords
- -10 points: Red flags ("free", "cheap")

**Score Categories:**
- 🔥 Hot (80-100)
- 🟡 Warm (50-79)
- 🔵 Cold (<50)

### 5. Enhanced Admin Dashboard
- [x] Lead score display with visual badges
- [x] Reply functionality (UI + history tracking)
- [x] Export to CSV button
- [x] Reply count indicator
- [x] Sorting by lead score
- [x] Status update buttons (Mark Contacted/Closed)

### 6. Firestore Structure
```
inquiries/{inquiryId}/
  ├── name
  ├── email
  ├── message
  ├── status (new/contacted/closed)
  ├── leadScore (0-100)
  ├── scoredAt (timestamp)
  ├── createdAt (timestamp)
  └── replies/{replyId}/
      ├── message
      ├── sentBy
      ├── createdAt
      └── emailSent (boolean)
```

---

## ⏳ PENDING / NEXT STEPS

### 🔴 CRITICAL: Deploy Cloud Functions
**Status:** Code written, dependencies installed, NOT YET DEPLOYED

**Required Actions:**
1. ✅ Install dependencies: `cd functions && npm install` (DONE)
2. ⏳ Create SendGrid account: https://sendgrid.com
3. ⏳ Verify sender email in SendGrid
4. ⏳ Create SendGrid API Key
5. ⏳ Set Firebase secrets:
   ```bash
   firebase functions:secrets:set SENDGRID_API_KEY
   firebase functions:secrets:set ADMIN_EMAIL
   firebase functions:secrets:set FROM_EMAIL
   ```
6. ⏳ Deploy functions: `firebase deploy --only functions`
7. ⏳ Test: Submit inquiry and verify emails send

### 🟡 OPTIONAL: Post-Deployment Enhancements
- [ ] Set up custom email templates in SendGrid
- [ ] Configure Slack notifications for Hot leads (80+ score)
- [ ] Add email open tracking
- [ ] Implement email sequences/drip campaigns
- [ ] Add analytics dashboard for lead conversion
- [ ] Set up automated follow-up reminders

---

## 🔧 CONFIGURATION DETAILS

### Firebase Project
- **Project ID:** `antigravity-portfolio-999`
- **Region:** `us-central`
- **Hosting:** Enabled with custom domain `ai.intellirev.space`
- **Firestore:** Enabled with optimized rules
- **Authentication:** Email/password enabled
- **Functions:** Created but NOT deployed

### Domains
- **Primary:** https://ai.intellirev.space
- **Firebase:** https://antigravity-portfolio-999.web.app
- **Alternative:** https://antigravity-portfolio-999.firebaseapp.com

### Admin Access
- **Login:** https://ai.intellirev.space/login
- **Dashboard:** https://ai.intellirev.space/admin
- **Authentication:** Firebase Auth required

### Dependencies Installed
**Frontend:**
- React 19
- React Router DOM
- Firebase SDK (Auth, Firestore)
- Framer Motion
- Tailwind CSS 4.0
- Lucide React icons

**Backend (Cloud Functions):**
- firebase-functions (v5)
- firebase-admin (v12)
- @sendgrid/mail (v8)

---

## 📋 IMPORTANT NOTES

### Cost Projection
**Current Volume:** ~20 inquiries/day
- Firebase Functions: FREE (2M invocations/month limit)
- SendGrid: FREE (100 emails/day limit)
- Firestore: FREE (within free tier)
- **Total Monthly Cost: $0**

### Security
- ✅ Firestore rules validate inquiry data
- ✅ Admin-only access to sensitive operations
- ✅ API keys stored as Firebase Secrets (encrypted)
- ✅ ProtectedRoute prevents unauthorized admin access

### Files Modified/Created
**New Files:**
- `/functions/index.js` - Cloud Functions code
- `/functions/package.json` - Function dependencies
- `/functions/.eslintrc.js` - Linting config
- `/functions/.gitignore` - Git ignore rules
- `/functions/README.md` - Setup documentation

**Modified Files:**
- `firebase.json` - Added functions configuration
- `firestore.rules` - Added replies subcollection rules
- `src/components/admin/AdminDashboard.jsx` - Enhanced with lead scoring, replies, export
- `src/components/admin/AdminLogin.jsx` - Added auto-redirect
- `src/components/admin/ProtectedRoute.jsx` - Enhanced security
- `src/hooks/useCMS.js` - Optimized with conditional ordering
- `src/lib/firebase.js` - Added offline persistence

---

## 🚀 QUICK START FOR NEXT SESSION

If resuming work, start here:

### To Complete Cloud Functions Setup:
```bash
# 1. Go to SendGrid and create account + API key
# 2. Then run:
firebase functions:secrets:set SENDGRID_API_KEY
firebase functions:secrets:set ADMIN_EMAIL  
firebase functions:secrets:set FROM_EMAIL

# 3. Deploy
firebase deploy --only functions

# 4. Test
# Submit inquiry at https://ai.intellirev.space
# Check admin email for notification
```

### To View Logs:
```bash
firebase functions:log
```

### To Update Website:
```bash
npm run build
firebase deploy --only hosting
```

---

## 🐛 KNOWN ISSUES

None at this time.

---

## 📞 SUPPORT RESOURCES

- **Firebase Console:** https://console.firebase.google.com/project/antigravity-portfolio-999
- **SendGrid Dashboard:** https://app.sendgrid.com
- **Functions Setup Guide:** `/functions/README.md`
- **GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/jhonverille/intellirev-website

---

## 💡 FUTURE ENHANCEMENT IDEAS

1. **Client Portal** - Separate site for clients to track projects
2. **Blog System** - Content marketing with SEO
3. **Analytics Dashboard** - Lead funnel visualization
4. **Multi-language Support** - Spanish, French versions
5. **AI Chatbot** - Auto-respond to common questions
6. **Zapier Integration** - Connect to Trello, Slack, etc.

---

**Project Status:** ✅ Ready for Cloud Functions deployment  
**Next Priority:** Complete SendGrid setup and deploy functions  
**Estimated Time:** 15 minutes

Commit message:

refactor: switch from SendGrid to Resend for email service
- Replace SendGrid with Resend in Cloud Functions
- Update package.json dependencies (resend v3)
- Update all email sending functions to use Resend API
- Update documentation to reflect Resend setup
- Resend benefits: 3K free emails/month, no IP warming, simpler API
- Update PROJECT_STATUS.md with new setup instructions

Why Resend over SendGrid:
- No IP warming required (emails work immediately)
- Better free tier (3K vs 3K but simpler)
- Modern, cleaner API
- Better deliverability for new domains
- Faster setup (5 mins vs 30+ mins)

PROJECT_STATUS.md, after:

# IntelliRev Website - Project Status

**Last Updated:** February 13, 2026 - Switched from SendGrid to Resend  
**Project:** IntelliRev AI Solutions Website  
**Repository:** https://github.com/jhonverille/intellirev-website  
**Live URL:** https://ai.intellirev.space

---

## ✅ COMPLETED

### 1. Core Website Features
- [x] React 19 + Vite 6.0 frontend
- [x] Tailwind CSS 4.0 styling
- [x] Framer Motion animations
- [x] Responsive design
- [x] Landing page with sections:
  - ConcentricHero
  - ServicesSection
  - ProjectGallery
  - Testimonials
  - FAQSection
  - ContactSection
- [x] Firebase Authentication (Admin login)
- [x] Protected Admin Dashboard
- [x] CMS for content management (Services, Projects, Testimonials, FAQs)

### 2. Database & Security
- [x] Firestore database setup
- [x] Security rules with input validation
- [x] Offline persistence enabled
- [x] Composite indexes for queries
- [x] Protected admin routes (auto-redirect to login if not authenticated)
- [x] Auto-redirect logged-in users away from /login

### 3. Inquiry System (Basic)
- [x] Contact form with validation
- [x] Inquiries saved to Firestore
- [x] Admin dashboard to view inquiries
- [x] Status management (new, contacted, closed)
- [x] Delete inquiries
- [x] Timestamp tracking

### 4. Firebase Cloud Functions (Created but NOT YET DEPLOYED)
**Location:** `/functions/` directory

**Functions Created:**
1. `sendInquiryNotification` - Sends email to admin when inquiry arrives
2. `sendProspectConfirmation` - Sends confirmation email to prospect
3. `calculateLeadScore` - Auto-scores inquiries (0-100) based on content
4. `sendReplyEmail` - Sends reply emails from admin dashboard
5. `exportInquiriesToCSV` - HTTP endpoint for CSV export

**Lead Scoring Algorithm:**
- +30 points: Budget indicators ("budget", "$", "cost")
- +25 points: Urgency ("ASAP", "urgent", "immediately")
- +20 points: Company/team mentions
- +15 points: Project scope ("large", "complex")
- +10 points: Service keywords
- -10 points: Red flags ("free", "cheap")

**Score Categories:**
- 🔥 Hot (80-100)
- 🟡 Warm (50-79)
- 🔵 Cold (<50)

### 5. Enhanced Admin Dashboard
- [x] Lead score display with visual badges
- [x] Reply functionality (UI + history tracking)
- [x] Export to CSV button
- [x] Reply count indicator
- [x] Sorting by lead score
- [x] Status update buttons (Mark Contacted/Closed)

### 6. Firestore Structure
```
inquiries/{inquiryId}/
  ├── name
  ├── email
  ├── message
  ├── status (new/contacted/closed)
  ├── leadScore (0-100)
  ├── scoredAt (timestamp)
  ├── createdAt (timestamp)
  └── replies/{replyId}/
      ├── message
      ├── sentBy
      ├── createdAt
      └── emailSent (boolean)
```

---

## ⏳ PENDING / NEXT STEPS

### 🔴 CRITICAL: Deploy Cloud Functions
**Status:** Code written, dependencies installed, NOT YET DEPLOYED

**Required Actions:**
1. ✅ Install dependencies: `cd functions && npm install` (DONE)
2. ⏳ Create **Resend** account: https://resend.com (CHANGED from SendGrid - better free tier)
3. ⏳ Verify sender email or domain in Resend
4. ⏳ Create Resend API Key (starts with `re_`)
5. ⏳ Set Firebase secrets:
   ```bash
   firebase functions:secrets:set RESEND_API_KEY
   firebase functions:secrets:set ADMIN_EMAIL
   firebase functions:secrets:set FROM_EMAIL
   ```
6. ⏳ Deploy functions: `firebase deploy --only functions`
7. ⏳ Test: Submit inquiry and verify emails send

### 🟡 OPTIONAL: Post-Deployment Enhancements
- [ ] Set up custom email templates in SendGrid
- [ ] Configure Slack notifications for Hot leads (80+ score)
- [ ] Add email open tracking
- [ ] Implement email sequences/drip campaigns
- [ ] Add analytics dashboard for lead conversion
- [ ] Set up automated follow-up reminders

---

## 🔧 CONFIGURATION DETAILS

### Firebase Project
- **Project ID:** `antigravity-portfolio-999`
- **Region:** `us-central`
- **Hosting:** Enabled with custom domain `ai.intellirev.space`
- **Firestore:** Enabled with optimized rules
- **Authentication:** Email/password enabled
- **Functions:** Created but NOT deployed

### Domains
- **Primary:** https://ai.intellirev.space
- **Firebase:** https://antigravity-portfolio-999.web.app
- **Alternative:** https://antigravity-portfolio-999.firebaseapp.com

### Admin Access
- **Login:** https://ai.intellirev.space/login
- **Dashboard:** https://ai.intellirev.space/admin
- **Authentication:** Firebase Auth required

### Dependencies Installed
**Frontend:**
- React 19
- React Router DOM
- Firebase SDK (Auth, Firestore)
- Framer Motion
- Tailwind CSS 4.0
- Lucide React icons

**Backend (Cloud Functions):**
- firebase-functions (v5)
- firebase-admin (v12)
- resend (v3) - **CHANGED FROM SendGrid to Resend (better free tier, no IP warming)**

---

## 📋 IMPORTANT NOTES

### Cost Projection
**Current Volume:** ~20 inquiries/day
- Firebase Functions: FREE (2M invocations/month limit)
- SendGrid: FREE (100 emails/day limit)
- Firestore: FREE (within free tier)
- **Total Monthly Cost: $0**

### Security
- ✅ Firestore rules validate inquiry data
- ✅ Admin-only access to sensitive operations
- ✅ API keys stored as Firebase Secrets (encrypted)
- ✅ ProtectedRoute prevents unauthorized admin access

### Files Modified/Created
**New Files:**
- `/functions/index.js` - Cloud Functions code
- `/functions/package.json` - Function dependencies
- `/functions/.eslintrc.js` - Linting config
- `/functions/.gitignore` - Git ignore rules
- `/functions/README.md` - Setup documentation

**Modified Files:**
- `firebase.json` - Added functions configuration
- `firestore.rules` - Added replies subcollection rules
- `src/components/admin/AdminDashboard.jsx` - Enhanced with lead scoring, replies, export
- `src/components/admin/AdminLogin.jsx` - Added auto-redirect
- `src/components/admin/ProtectedRoute.jsx` - Enhanced security
- `src/hooks/useCMS.js` - Optimized with conditional ordering
- `src/lib/firebase.js` - Added offline persistence

---

## 🚀 QUICK START FOR NEXT SESSION

If resuming work, start here:

### To Complete Cloud Functions Setup:
```bash
# 1. Go to Resend and create account + API key: https://resend.com
# 2. Verify your email/domain in Resend dashboard
# 3. Then run:
firebase functions:secrets:set RESEND_API_KEY
firebase functions:secrets:set ADMIN_EMAIL  
firebase functions:secrets:set FROM_EMAIL

# 4. Deploy
firebase deploy --only functions

# 5. Test
# Submit inquiry at https://ai.intellirev.space
# Check admin email for notification
```

### To View Logs:
```bash
firebase functions:log
```

### To Update Website:
```bash
npm run build
firebase deploy --only hosting
```

---

## 🐛 KNOWN ISSUES

None at this time.

---

## 📞 SUPPORT RESOURCES

- **Firebase Console:** https://console.firebase.google.com/project/antigravity-portfolio-999
- **Resend Dashboard:** https://resend.com (CHANGED from SendGrid)
- **Functions Setup Guide:** `/functions/README.md`
- **GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/jhonverille/intellirev-website

---

## 💡 FUTURE ENHANCEMENT IDEAS

1. **Client Portal** - Separate site for clients to track projects
2. **Blog System** - Content marketing with SEO
3. **Analytics Dashboard** - Lead funnel visualization
4. **Multi-language Support** - Spanish, French versions
5. **AI Chatbot** - Auto-respond to common questions
6. **Zapier Integration** - Connect to Trello, Slack, etc.

---

**Project Status:** ✅ Ready for Cloud Functions deployment  
**Next Priority:** Complete Resend setup and deploy functions  
**Estimated Time:** 15 minutes
